
Selenium Project @Temenos.

In keyword driven frameworks, the test logic is divided into keywords and functions. 
A sequence of keywords is used to define the test scripts and these keywords are further defined as functions to implement the desired behaviour.
 All the operations and instructions to be performed are written in some external file like an Excel sheet

Selenium Test Suite are maintained in RTC repository.
if need to include or make any change we have to download Scripts based on release to our local wrokspace to include test case's /modify any and then sent for delivery.
it runs on daily basis on multiple release's like maintenance and Current ongoing release's.
we have maintaining test case's as vertical's wise (component wise). 

With the help of jboss which is configured with our local server which has T24 Database, we start the jboss & launch the URL for testing purpose.
there was an other testing tool called SEAT in temenos which used to Test the product in backend,
thus the selenium used to test the product's components/ scenario's via GUI/Frontend.
we are maintaing some list of excel file where we have the flow ,data values,test navigation flow and object id's.
for eg: we have 4 different sheet A considered as a sheet where wehave list of components to be executed.
B will be having list of case's of a particular component has to be executed(B will be splitted as B-1,B-2 based on how many components u have), 

c will be having data values for the case's of a particular component.
D will be having the Techinal flow i.e., Test case flow mixed up with B,C,E and the functions/methods used in framework(eg,TextBoxInputText,ElementClick etc,.)
E will be having object id's for the test case's.
Selenium related jar file are stored in a folder named lib and source will compiled into jars and stored in bin.
Finally we will call a file named run.bat which has joblist by call thing to start and aslo pointing the selenium releated bin file for execution. 


frame work

bin (binary file) (excutable file that means we can able to change the details , having the .class files))
lib (libary file) (converting excutable file into jar file means junit.jar,selenium.jar, poi.jar(excel read and write), updateexcel.jar)
excel result
html result
project(frame work coding)
testware
run

TEST WARE

bUsiness action
config
data
driver 
object map
technical action


1: system will check for the driver floder (which need to be excution like retail,afw,bfw,wh,ch, payments,corp)
2: next system will check for bUsiness action(to be excution of based on vertical like retail test case 01, 02, 03)
3: technical action (which broswser lunch and object maping code will be there )
4: check the config file that have broswer link thats like http
5: then check the object maping in that we have xpth details ( that means intechinal action we have code a1(clicking the login botton) for xpath we ill define in object mapping.
6: data will be there based on techinal cation code.




 In Page Object Model, consider each web page of an application as a class file


6) What is the difference between Page Object Model (POM) and Page Factory?

A) Page Object is a class that represents a web page and hold the functionality and members.

Page Factory is a way to initialize the web elements you want to interact with within the page object when you create an instance of it
